I want to become a landscape architect
every nation every civilization
leaves its mark on the landscape
stone age to the ancient world and
middle ages
Renaissance and Baroque
19th century
20th century and today
I want to be seeing this landscape
big picture
which has everything from the apple in your
arm
to home
whom do you live
turning your street to school
the place where you play rivers and farms
forests and taiga coast and sea ​​to
oceans and continents
the landscape is our world I want to be
creative from a simple sketch to
master plan
visual
simulated agreed
developed by
and built
and
landscape architects create the world in
where we live
from playgrounds
to the street park
Olympic public facilities
embankment and water spaces
spaces of school yards fields for
golf course
theme parks national parks
wetlands natural
gardens of courtyards
campuses of industrial parks
cultural heritage
historical monuments and memorials
complexes with botanical gardens
healing gardens gardens of sensations
public agricultural gardens
land
mining amelioration
lands
motorway reservoirs
transport corridors smears new
housing
new settlements revival cities i
I want sustainable development
landscape architect and managers
combines many skills and abilities
to provide a landscape
environmental health support
maximum biodiversity
and development according to plan
developers often carrying
responsibility for natural parks
or industrial landscape and
landscape architects and managers
affect the future of the environment i
wanna be influential climate change
the inevitable reduction in food and
growing energy demand
lead to a political shift in understanding and
saving our landscape
landscape architects are ready to answer
visually creative sustainable and
powerful i want to become inspiring i
I want to become a landscape architect